Add sensitive option to local_file to suppress output in plan (#101)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-local: website/docs/d/file.html.md

`local_file` reads a file from the local filesystem.

## Example usage (standard content)

```hcl
data "local_file" "foo" {
    filename = "${path.module}/foo.bar"
}

resource "aws_s3_bucket_object" "shared_zip" {
  bucket     = "my-bucket"
  key        = "my-key"
  content     = data.local_file.foo.content
}
```
## Example Usage (with sensitive content)

```hcl
data "local_file" "foo" {
    filename = "${path.module}/foo.bar"
    sensitive = true
}

resource "aws_s3_bucket_object" "shared_zip" {
  bucket     = "my-bucket"
  key        = "my-key"
  content     = data.local_file.foo.sensitive_content

> }

Reviewer: Trying to clearly separate the resources by name. Maybe it's a bit cheesy.

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `filename` - (Required) The path to the file that will be read. The data
  source will return an error if the file does not exist.

* `sensitive` - (Optional) Whether the output should be treated as sensitive. If set to true, the `content` output will be empty and the `sensitive_content` output will be populated instead.

## Attributes Exported

The following attribute is exported:

> * `content` - The raw content of the file that was read. Returns empty if `sensitive` is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `content` - The raw content of the file that was read. It will be an empty string if `sensitive` is true.
```
